The disciples of the Ming family are no more than that
What are you still doing?
Run away, mother
Take them away
You vomit blood, but you still have time to care about others
You worry about yourself first
The power of all beings
Your ten giant faces can't hurt me at all
Hahahahaha
I believe you.
I want to help him.
If I watch at night today
In the future, when disaster strikes, I will not think that I will cry out from afar
You're right.
It's just delicious.
Lao Xue, it's your turn next
No, Lin Yan is absorbing the power of flesh and blood
Ready to apply Samurai Shodown
That being the case
To cut this sword
Here it is.
Power of All Beings